documentation: documentation for different tools (#5590)
near/nearcore: chain/epoch_manager/README.md

# near-epoch-manager crate

Epoch manager crate is responsible for code related to epochs and epoch switching.

> An epoch is a unit of time when validators of the network remain constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An epoch is a unit of time when the set of validators of the network remains constant.
```

Reviewer: Actually, how do epoch interract with sharding? Am I correct that the epoch is the same for all shards, but each shard has its own set of validators?

Reviewer 2: theoretically yes, but currently all shards have same set of validators

Author: yes, epoch is the same for all shards. Number of shards can only change during epoch change.

You can read more about the epoch here: https://docs.near.org/docs/concepts/epoch

You can read more about Epoch finalization and Epoch changes here: https://github.com/near/NEPs/blob/master/specs/BlockchainLayer/EpochManager/EpochManager.md 

## EpochManager
Main class that has two main functions:
* it creates new epochs (EpochIds)

> * allows accessing information about past and current epochs.

Reviewer: I'd maybe start with more explicit list of what is the actual data? 

Ie, epoch is the set of validators, plus hashes of boundary blocks, etc.

Author: done. BTW - I don't think that epoch manager returns hashes of boundary blocks (at least I didn't see it)

### New Epoch Creation

> When 'finalize_epoch' is called, the EpochManager will do all the necessary processing (like computing validator rewards, selecting validators for the next epoch etc) and create the new EpochId/EpochInfo.

Reviewer 2: We are actually selecting validators for epoch after the next at this point

Author: good catch - fixed.
